The approach used by most quantitative scholars in the clientelism literature focuses almost exclusively on vote buying, that is, parties buying votes. Unfortunately, this approach is heavily balanced against vote sellers (voters selling their votes to parties), thus overlooking the micro-dynamics of vote selling. In this paper we correct this issue by focusing on voters' preferences and their market incentives to sell their vote. Additionally, our paper goes beyond the most studied predictor of clientelism, i.e., the voter's income (Calvo and Murillo 2004; Weitz-Shapiro 2012; Kitschelt 2000; and Kitschelt and Altamirano 2015; Brusco, Nazareno, and Stokes 2004; Stokes et al. 2013; Nazareno, Brusco, and Stokes 2008). This distinction is important because this canonical predictor of clientelism has been recently contested (Hicken 2007: 55; Szwarcberg 2013: 32). For instance, Gonzalez-Ocantos et al. (2012) and Holland and Palmer-Rubin (2015) found that individual income had little or no effect on vote buying. Furthermore, and in part due to the rather narrow focus employed by the literature (focusing on parties and on the voters incomes), scholars assume that voters will take whatever the party offers, implying an overly passive role of voters. Are voters susceptible to perceptions of fairness when evaluating parties' clientelist offers? What is the elasticity of income inequality on the likelihood of vote selling? We contribute to the clientelism literature by (1) focusing on voter dynamics (vote selling) rather than party dynamics (vote buying), and by (2) studying different structures of income inequality (rather than gross income). Empirically, we designed an economic lab experiment that randomized different endowments among experimental subjects, effectively producing different Gini coefficients. In fact, qualitative evidence confirms that voters can estimate each other's relative income differences, and that voters can infer voter intentions at the neighborhood level. In our setup we mimic these features by making individual incomes public information. Our results strongly suggest that...TBA.